Welcome to the perfect 0 to 10k followers in 30 days plan. If you follow this road map, you will see traction. Period. Now, I say perfect not because this is a perfect strategy. No, there's a million strategies out there. I don't think my way is the only way. Perfect comes from if we lived in a perfect world with no distractions, where I had all the time in the world to pump out as much content as possible and hit 10K followers as fast as possible, this is what I would do. This is like the perfect case scenario broken down into weekby- week action steps that you could follow. As always, time stamps are below. We're going to start with ground zero. Now, there are likely two types of creators watching this right now. The first type is someone who has no idea the type of content they want to create yet. Maybe you don't know exactly what you want to be known for or who your audience is going to be. Maybe you're leaning a little bit more lifestyle, like you just feel like posting anything and everything about your life. The second type is somebody who has a lot more clarity. You already have an idea of the type of content you want to make, the platform you want to build, what you want to be known for. Maybe you even already have a specific niche in mind. If you are the latter, congratulations. You could go ahead jump straight ahead to week one. But if you're the former, where you fit into the first type I mentioned, you actually need to start here at ground zero. Ground zero is where you need to treat content creation like going to a buffet instead of performing like this perfect science or baking a cake. Because when you don't know the exact direction that you want to grow, doing a 30-day challenge is not going to get you anywhere. When you have clarity on the end goal, it's like you're running a marathon and you just like stay on the racetrack. Yes, it's hard, but you get to the end finish line because you already know where you're going to go without any training. Like, it's just going to be exhausting, probably unenjoyable, and you might just be running in circles because you're not tracking where you're going. So, that means your starting strategy will look different from someone else's who already has a clear vision in mind, and that's okay. So, what do I mean when I say treat content creation like a buffet? What you're going to do is you are going to try out all the video ideas that you want to create. And when I say all, I mean all. It's like when you go to a buffet, let's say you've never eaten before ever in your entire life. You're not going to know what you want to put on your plate because you haven't tried anything. You need to take a bite, a little bit of everything. Same thing with content creation. If you've always wanted to do like morning coffee videos, try making a morning coffee video. If you've always wanted to do a house reset with me, do a house reset video. cozy creator content, day in the life, get ready with me. Anything that you've always wanted to do, try it, create it, make it, post it. You have to try all the things because as you try all of those things, you will get so much clarity on what type of content feels true to you. And when you find those pieces of content that feel true to you, you get to like add it to your plate. And that plate ends up being your personal brand. So ground zero means for the next 30 days, you're actually just going to post whatever the heck you want with zero strategy. You're going to get clarity by doing and not waiting. The goal here at ground zero is not about growth. The goal here is to help you figure out exactly the type of creator that you want to be known for. The goal here is getting in your reps as a content creator. When you're practicing all these different types of video styles and ideas, you will find yourself becoming a better content creator as a whole because you're getting more experience. You're learning more about yourself, the types of videos you like, the type of videos you don't like. I have always found that this is the best way to get clarity on what your personal brand is going to be, just by doing everything that you think you want to do. And then you'll learn some of the things that you thought you wanted to do, you actually don't enjoy doing. But that alone is clarity. Once you have that clarity of like, okay, I really like these style videos. I really want to pursue this avenue or I really connected with this type of content. That's when we could begin like a 30-day growth sprint because you have a clear direction and then the traction can build from there. Now, jumping to week one, your goal for week one is to start taking messy action and start identifying formats that are going to get you the best early traction. Now, when I say messy action, this doesn't mean random, okay? We still want to have a refined growth strategy. But first, if you're starting from zero, we need to set up our account first. So, on days 1 and two, we're going to create an account, set up our bio, profile, photo, etc. We're going to begin doing our content research, being more strategic with the videos that we're going to be creating. Then, days 3 through 7, we're posting, and ideally, we're going to start a signature series in this first week. So, let's break down each of these steps a little bit more. Starting with the basic, setting up your profile. It's going to be similar to setting up your profile on any social media platform, just a little bit shorter, sweeter, and a little punchier. Ideally, your profile photo is going to match the niche or the type of content that you are creating and want to be known for. For example, I have my own personal Tik Tok page. This is not a strategic let me grow it page. It's just like for funsies personal outlet page. And that page, I've found I really love making coffee videos. So, my profile photo is me with coffee. It's as simple as that. Then, for your bio, you also want to clearly communicate two things. The value or content that you're posting and who you are. For example, if I have an account where I want to inspire or help busy moms find a way to make working out more approachable and doable while from home, while juggling mom life. My bio could look something like this. Approachable at home workouts. If I could work out with kids climbing me, so can you. On Tik Tok, I believe you're limited to about 160 characters. So, your bio has to be a little short and sweet. So, I kept the value very quick, approachable at home workouts, but also wanted to tie in a little bit about me and myself. Because on TikTok, most of the time people are like, "Okay, I want some lifestyle vibes. I want people to follow me for me and enjoy my everyday life." So, that's why that second line, it said, "If I can work out with kids climbing me, so can you." It kind of talks about my life and a little bit of like some relatability like, "Hey, if I could do this, so can you. I got kids, too, but I work out. Woo." So, it kind of has a little bit of relatability. Now, we're still in day one and two setting up our profile. We want to do some content research to figure out more strategically the type of content that we should be creating to get quicker growth. So, we're going to do our content research. I'm going to show you how I like to do content research, how I teach my students to do content research. This has helped my students have multiple viral videos as you can see. So, let's jump to the laptop and we'll do this together. All right. This is the free Tik Tok content calendar that I have on my website. I'll link it down below. If you like what you're seeing, you could use this as well. I'm scrolling to the bottom where we have brain dump cuz we're going to do our content research in this brain dump. We're just going to jot down all the ideas that we come across. And let's go to Tik Tok. You're going to do this on your phone. And I'm going to in the search bar type in a content pillar that I have or maybe like a type of video that I want to create or just an idea of like okay I've seen other people do this. Let me start to type it in Tik Tok search and see what comes up. So for me I'm going to do like at home coffee because this would be for my personal coffee account and see what Tik Tok suggests. So it says at home coffee recipes, shop bar, syrup, espresso ideas. So some of these I resonate with, some of these I don't. I like recipes. I like syrups. I like setup or even like bar. Those are some things that I have. So what I could do is I could write that down first and just be like, okay, my idea is at home coffee recipes. Just jotting that down so I remember it. We're choosing these from here because Tik Tok is suggesting, hey, these are popular searches. Maybe you should look this search up. So, we're just going to look up recipes. Then, what we're going to look at is the top performers. You're going to want to do this on your phone for one main reason because you can filter the search results. So, we want to figure out what is currently working on Tik Tok. Like, if you want to grow as quickly as possible, you need to know what's currently working. Some of the results that you'll see, they're from a year ago or two years ago, six months ago. And what we want to do is adjust our search parameters, our filter to look at videos from the past 30 days. You could even do past 3 months if you're not seeing like anything that's like super viral in the past 30 days or that resonates with you. So, we're going to adjust our search parameters to look at more recent videos. And then the second thing that you're going to do is you're not going to just skim them and be like, "Oh, yeah. This this video, I like this one. Oh, yeah. This one went viral. Let me copy that. No, no, no, no. Some of them went viral because those creators already have millions of followers. So, if you click on the video and then you go to that creator's account, you could kind of see the views follower ratio. So, let's say you see a video that has like 100,000 views and you're like, "Oh my gosh, that video blew up. 100,000 views. That's amazing." But when you click on the creator's profile, they have 500,000 followers. That's not like a viral video for that creator. it performed well, probably because they already had the followers to get that range. So, what we're looking for are videos that have a higher view count than the creator's following. So, if a creator had, let's say, 25,000 followers, but their video blew up and had 100,000 views, that's a video that you want to pay attention to because it helped a smaller creator. Not saying 25,000 is a small creator, but you kind of get the gist of what I'm saying. So any video that you see has a viral views to follower ratio. Those are the ones that we want to pay attention to, study, maybe write down for ourselves and create when we start and create batch film. So I don't have the search filters set on my laptop, but I just want to show you how to do this together using the content calendar. So we're just going to open this. This has 36,000 views and the creator has 12,000 followers. So that's a really great ratio. the views or the likes were actually double their reach and then some or even like triple their reach. So, I'm gonna click on this video >> and I just want to look at those first few seconds because usually it's that hook. You know, we hear that all the time. What hook stopped the scroll? How do you capture somebody's attention by using a hook? So, it looks like those first few seconds is a close-up of the iced latte. I'm looking at the pop-up text and I'm paying attention to what audio is being used. So, that's kind of like that hook layering strategy I talk about in my videos is what is the viewer seeing that's going to stop their attention? What are they hearing that's going to stop their attention? And also, what are they reading that will capture attention? The visual is ice latte. The audio is music, might be a trending audio. And then the text is shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Great keyword plugging. So, I'm going to write all this information down into my content calendar. We have shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Shaken brown sugar, pumpkin spice latte. Also, the emojis are important to note. So, we got pumpkin stars or sparkles. I think that's what it is. The visual hook. What somebody is seeing is the final visual of iced latte. noticed the creators started with the final shot. So, this is like, hey, this is what we're going to create by the end of watching this. So, it's actually the final clip of what they filmed that day. And then audio. Maybe it's a trending audio. You can even link videos. So, I'm just going to link this video so I could reference it later. Perfect. And you're just going to keep doing this brain dump with all the different ideas you have. So, if I did at home coffee, I could also do like get ready with me. see what search terms pop up, what I could write down, what creators are using for their hook layering, and then ideally at some point during this content research, you pick a signature series that you will start. So maybe my at home coffee recipe, maybe I'm noticing a trend. It's like, okay, we are literally right in the holiday season. We're right at the very beginning, peak holiday season. So maybe I'm going to start a signature series where I am trying pumpkin spice lattes. So, different recipes. Maybe my signature series is finding the perfect pumpkin spice latte home recipe. So, that's going to be my signature series and that's something I'm going to really pay attention to because a lot of people the follows come from following along a journey of some sort. You could even do like follow along with me while I do a 30-day Tik Tok series trying to grow this page. You could do day one of trying X recipes, day one of trying to redo my closet, being a newly postpartum mom, you know? So, find something that's very specific to you and turn it into a series. And at the end of each series video, you're going to say, "Follow along for day two or follow along for the next video where I'm going to try blah blah blah blah blah." So, signature series are a great way to get people to follow you. It's not just like a viral thing. It's somebody gets to see this aspect of your journey and because they saw one day of your journey, they're like more inclined to want to continue to watch the journey with you. Now, right here on this content calendar, I have my video ideas separated into content pillars. So, if you are operating in content pillars, basically subtopics of a niche. For example, if I was in fitness niche, which fitness alone is not a niche, it's just a category. My topics could be at home workouts, nutrition, protein I get in a day, favorite gym clothes or athleisure wear, you know. So, those are like the subtopics. You could operate in content pillars for sure. Niching down is a great strategy for growing quickly. If you don't resonate with the niching down content pillar, you could actually change the view here. Property visibility. Instead of focusing on content pillars, you could instead focus on value pillars. These are instead you focus on the value that each video is going to provide. So, it could be a relatable video, an inspirational video, entertaining or educational. You could focus on creating videos that way. If that's something that confuses you, you're not resonating with it. Again, you could switch your approach and focus on video pillars. Video pillars are going to be the different styles of videos that you can try and keep rotating throughout. So, it's not like you're staying to one topic. You could talk about any topic, but you're going to be talking to the camera. Maybe this is like face to face. You have like a pre-outlined thing or maybe it's just random thoughts. you're on a walk and you're like, "Hey, I want to talk to the camera." So, you're talking to the camera. There's a face tof face connection. Second type is voice over. This is just maybe you have clips of you doing things throughout the day and then you add your voice over storytelling talking to the camera that way. You could also do B-roll with trending music over the B-roll. People use the strategy for like that 7-second video. Just get a clip of you doing something and add a trending audio. You know, that's a strategy. You could do lip-syncing or even photos and carousels perform really well on Tik Tok. So you could instead focus on video pillars as opposed to topics. Now let's talk posting frequency because you did your content research for those first two days. Day three, you're going to start posting and we are going to consider these next 30 days our sprint phase. What we do within this time frame is not something we're going to continue longterm. We're shooting for like a 90% growth strategy here. And then after the 30 days, then we dial it back and shift more into like that slower marathon pace while creating nurture content, which I'll talk about at the end of this video. So, how often are we going to post for this 30-day challenge? Remember, this is the perfect world scenario. And in a perfect world, the more you post, the more you grow. So, we're going to shoot for posting three to five times a day. Now, remember, we're rotating between so many different video types and video lengths. Some can even be photos. Some can just be B-roll. One can be like a random thought that you had while you were on the toilet. These are not like perfect post. They're intentional because we did our content research and we know topic ideas and hook text. So, we have some ideas and strategies there. Maybe one video is like a strategic video for that day and then the rest are not. This is what makes it like that messy action because we're not trying to get every video perfect. Maybe you could get some videos perfect or try to, but we're just like, "Okay, we did it. We recorded. We had an idea. We took action on it. We we're posting it." This is probably going to be the hardest thing for my perfectionists out there. But remember, this phase, quantity will lead to quality. And you need to just like hit that publish button before you start overthinking it. Now, if after hearing that you're still freaking out like, "Oh my gosh, how do I go from posting zero times a day to three to five times a day?" You have two options to help you get started. So you don't have to film a bunch. The first option is to go through your current phone's camera roll. You have plenty of content in there. See what sort of videos that you have to start creating. What photos do you have that you could put in a carousel or as their own posts? Literally just like go through your camera roll. You're like, "Okay, select video. Cool." And just like make sure all of them are selected. I can do this one. I can do this one. Then add to a separate like 30day Tik Tok sprint album. And whenever you feel like, "Okay, I'm running out of ideas." pull something from there and post it to Tik Tok. Now, your second option is to utilize stock footage. And I don't mean the ad style corporate looking videos. I mean finding a stock media subscription service where you can find unlimited highquality stock videos that feel like something you would actually create. And this is going to enhance your videos and streamline some of your workflow during this sprint. So, where can you download said B-roll? Personally, I use Story Blocks. They have been my go-to for B-roll since 2021. Literally, all the B-roll that you see in this video has been from Story Blocks, and they're also the sponsor of this video. If you don't already know, Story Blocks has an unlimited downloads of diverse, highquality media for one predictable subscription cost. You can choose either a monthly or an annual plan with no hidden or extra fees to basically unlock an unlimited source of content that gives you the freedom to test, experiment, and create more effective videos. Especially if you're doing this 30-day road map, it's going to be so helpful to have extra footage in your back pocket so that you're not getting burnt out. What I love about Story Blocks is that their stock library is frequently refreshed with commissioned content based on the latest trends and what members are searching for to ensure that you'll have curated fresh content to keep your videos relevant that day. Of course, anything you download with Story Blocks is going to be 100% royaltyfree. It's pre-licicensed and ready for you to use. That way, you could focus on doing what you love, creating, without having to worry about double-checking like the legal rights on a clip that you found and want to use. I'm somebody that truly believes B-roll can elevate your content to that next level. So, if you'd like to get access to an unlimited source of content, definitely check out Storyblocks. You can get two extra months free when you sign up for an annual plan. So go to storyblocks.com/modern millilly to take advantage of this limited time offer or you can use the link in the description. Moving on to week two. Your goal for week two is going to be refining your strategy and community building. On day eight, you're going to look at video analytics from the past 7 days. And if you've been posting 3 to five times a day, that's anywhere from 21 to 35 posts. This is probably one of the reasons why creators who post more grow more because within such a short amount of time, we got so much information. If you have 21 to 35 posts where you can look at analytics, that's going to be so powerful compared to somebody who maybe you over the past 7 days you only post three posts, which is fine if that's realistically what you can do right now, but you only have three posts to look at analytics. Whereas, if you're doing a sprint, you have so much information to pull from. And from that information, you can refine your strategy for the upcoming week of content. Now, for this next week, we are still continuing to do the three to five posts a day strategy. We want at least half of those posts for this upcoming week to be you trying to perfect or improve upon last week's content. So, you looked at your analytics, you're like, "Oh, this video performed well. Let me see if I could tweak it." Or you're like, "This video didn't perform well, but I really liked it. Let me see if I could tweak it." So, half of your content for this upcoming week is going to be improving on last week's content, and then the other half is going to be continuing to test new styles or formats that you haven't gotten to yet. You don't need to like perfect anything. Remember, we want to just like keep taking action because the creators who grow, they're not waiting until it's perfect. They're the ones who are willing to post messy, learn in public, and improve as they go. for this week, week two, you're making sure you're going to continue your signature series and make sure to turn it into a playlist on your profile so that series is easily findable when somebody lands on your page. Now, some new things we're going to add into our outline this week is you're going to try to add some sort of call to actions into your videos if you haven't already. So, for your signature series, you're going to say like follow along for blah blah blah or comment below your recommendation for blah blah blah. Tag a friend who you want to go to HomeGoods with this fall. you know, like you're adding those call to actions now and being a little bit more intentional with those for this upcoming week. And the other thing that you're going to do is you're going to add engagement every day. Ideally, 10 to 15 minutes every day where you're replying to every comment that somebody leaves on your videos and you're commenting back onto their content as well. This is how you really build a community is showing some love back to the people who are showing you love. Now, real quick, if you have learned something new so far, be sure to give this video a thumbs up. is going to tell the algorithm that there are other people like you who will like this video and help YouTube's algorithm kind of push it and find those people. And if you learn two new things by the end of this video, I'd like for you to consider subscribing because it's a free way to support my business. I love creating content like this, educating you on the best ways to grow and be a full-time content creator. So, subscribe if you like videos teaching you those sorts of things. I post videos weekly here on my channel. Now, we're jumping into week three. This week we are focusing on building our brand consistency. At this point, you have been posting three to five times a day. You have call to actions on your videos. You're replying to comments and commenting on other people's content. So, the first thing you're going to do going into week three is again look at your analytics from the past 14 days now. And you want to try to hone in on one to two video formats that predictably perform well for you. This is going to help increase your brand consistency and recognition, brand consistency. To help you not get burnt out this week, something you can try is to re-upload flops in hopes that they become better hits. And now, I'm not saying like just completely repost the video that sucked. There's a reason it flopped in the first place. But any video that didn't perform well where you were like, "Ooh, I felt like that had potential." you're going to just reimagine it, repackage it, give it a little bit of a facelift. So, maybe it's changing the hook, changing that first cover text. Maybe it's trimming the video down so it's a little bit more fast-paced. Maybe it's adding a trending audio if you didn't have an audio. Now, some of the content you'll post this week is just repackaging videos that you already posted in the past. I do this a lot with my coffee videos because when I record my videos where I'm making my morning coffee, I have like 10 minutes of footage in there. that 10 minutes of footage I can turn into five to 10 different videos because I can tell different stories with it. I could do a make my morning coffee with me, right? Maybe that's the original video I thought. Or if in those 10 minutes I spilled the beans or I spilled my milk, I could turn it into like a 5-second this is why I can't have nice things joking haha he he ho ho video or maybe just like the stirring of the coffee can turn that into a 5-second clip with like an aesthetic fall song in the background. Just try to reimagine the content that you already have. How could you repackage it? Some new things that you could try this week is replying to comments with video replies. This is going to make your community feel even more connected and increase engagement for you. You could even start a second signature series. So, if that first series is just kind of like you're not feeling it anymore, you still want to continue it, but maybe you got another idea for like a better series idea, this would be a good time to start a second series. And at this point, you want to start picking a consistent text, font, coloring, intro lines, any sort of consistency you can create with branding, cover images, really start honing in on what those things are because again, it's going to make your brand even more instantly recognizable. If you were to start a signature series right now on your TikTok, I'm curious what that signature series would be. Let me know down in the comments below and I'll try to give feedback to you on like how you could package it or really make it like hookworthy. All right, we are in week four. This is like our final push. We're still posting three to five times a day. Some are part of your series. Some could be as simple as like replying to a comment with a video. Your branding has become much more consistent now. So, we're going to do our final push of the sprint. This week, we really want to identify what your core community flywheel is. This is basically a self-reinforcing loop where you figure out which core pieces of content spark engagement. When you find those pieces that spark engagement, that engagement is going to build a connection with somebody, which will drive that person to follow or share your video, which will lead to new followers who will then spark engagement on that same content. And it just continues that loop. I know it's so easy to focus on the number of views, but that's not what we're focusing on here. We want to focus on a more important factor, which is going to be follows. So, in your analytics, you want to make sure you are looking at your metrics based off of which videos are getting you follows as opposed to views. For example, right here, you can see that these top videos are getting me the most views. But when I switch to which videos are getting me followers, it looks completely different. And again, if your goal is like the rapid growth of, okay, how can I grow in 30 days, you want to focus on those pieces that are getting you followers and if they didn't go viral, those are the ones you want to repackage and continue to fine-tune until it finally sparks. When you identify what your community flywheel is going to be, just know that this is going to change. When you've identified one, milk the most out of it while you can because social media changes so often. What works now for you might work for a month, two months, maybe even three months, but it won't work forever. So once you have that wheel identified, lean into it. Lean into it. Lean into it. When you see the wave is starting to go to a new format that you're creating, lean into that. So constantly make these shifts with your audience. This week during your final push is probably where you're going to get the most amount of followers because again, we've just been fine-tuning everything up to this point. So this week might be the week where things break through. I hope you haven't given up at this point cuz usually that first week, second week, it's not magic, you know? It's not like, oh boom, I just went viral overnight in the first week. You've got to put in the work over these few weeks and this final week is the one that really does it. And this week, if you still are not seeing any traction, something that you could consider is implementing any sort of like controversial or shock factor content. I know for me, anytime I talk about how much money I make as a content creator, people go crazy over it. Not because it's like, oh, wow, money, but because I also get so many haters who hate the fact that I make money through social media. And so, think of those controversial things in your industry or opinions that you could share that would spark potential conflict in the comments section. If hate online is something that intimidates you or you don't want to deal with, don't do this because it attracts both sides of your audience. The people who will 100% connect with you and the people who won't connect with you at all. So, just be cautious going into that. And I do notice like the most controversial takes that I share are ones that go the most viral. Another method you can try this week is adding some sort of collaboration into your content. So, you could do wet other viral creators. Do stitches on other creators videos. Like if there was a viral coffee syrup recipe, I could stitch it. It starts with the recipe because that hooked people. It starts with the creators first 3 seconds, then it cuts to me and I'm like, is this really the best viral pumpkin spice syrup recipe? Let's test it out. You know, I could do my own take there. So, doing collaboration is another good way to get a spike in views. At this point, it is day 30. You are viral, baby. You got 10,000 followers. We're loving it. But after your 30 days are complete, unfortunately, you still can't stop posting. You're a content creator. Content creators still post. I'm not saying you have to do the same 3 to five posts every day, but after your 30 days, we want to gradually slow down as opposed to stopping abruptly cuz then your audience is going to be like, >> "Oh my gosh, what the heck? Where did you go? you ghosted me >> and then they were going to be so sad. So, we talked about the 30 days as your sprint where 90% of that is your growth content. You're being strategic. You're fine-tuning. You're tweaking. You're being very analytical or trying to fine-tune your stuff. But just like any athlete who just did a sprint, you're going to need to take a cool down, a stretch before you go lay down on the couch and nap. So, after 30 days, we're going to shift the focus to be 70% nurture content instead. This could be more casual storytelling, behind the scenes videos, Q&As's, mindless, no strategy. It doesn't have to have any strategy. You could continue your series if you're not feeling too burnt out. Ideally, you could pick that up whenever, but you're just kind of taking a breather. So, technically, we're at week five. Week five, instead of posting three to five times a day, we're going to post twice a day. If twice a day still feels like way too much, especially after a big sprint, just do one post and maybe one live where you're just like 30 minutes, you go live and you talk to your audience. Week six, you're going to post once a day. And if that feels way better, you can continue that consistency. If you're like, I still need more rest, week seven, choose a consistency that works for you. That could be 3 to five times a week. So maybe Monday, Wednesday, Friday, right? We're just readjusting and kind of recalibrating the algorithm to find the new groove with us. We're going to find a frequency that works with our actual day-to-day lifestyle, not a sprint, our actual day-to-day routine that's not going to burn us out, something that you could stick to for the next year. You can absolutely still post growth engine content or like your core community flywheel content. It just doesn't have to be as much. Now, if you're somebody who has always been curious about what the Tik Tok algorithm is or how the Tik Tok algorithm sinks so that you could work with it instead of against it, you feel like you could break through that 200 view jail, then definitely watch this video next because this is where I deep dive into how the algorithm works and how you could apply it to your content as a content creator. Remember, if you learned two new things at any point during this video, consider subscribing to my channel and thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next one. Bye.